[Autogenerated] Now that you have understood the basic building block,
often artificial neuron, Let's look what a neural network is.
It's a computing system that is made up off a number off simple,
highly interconnected neurons,
producing a certain output in a multi layered neural network.
You will have input layer.
What are more hidden layers on an output layer?
Let's look at different types of neural network
under typical business application.
First one is artificial Neural Network,
which is typically used to address patent recognition problems.
Convolution Neural Network is used in image processing.
Recommend neural networks is used in speech.
Recognition on Deep Neural.
Network is used in acoustic modeling on deep belief.
Network is used in cancer detection.
Let's see how a training process works in artificial neural network.
In addressing a typical classifications problem.
Let's imagine a simple network with three layers that has one
input layer one hidden layer on one output layer.
You feed the label training data at the input layer, along with the weights.
For each connections.
An activation function is executed at the hidden layer to produce an output.
This is also called forward propagation.
This output could be right.
Prediction are around one on this value is compared to the
actual value on the error is computer.
This error, also called the cost function, needs to be minimized.
There are many optimization techniques, like a stochastic Grady indecent.
To achieve this, this error is fed back to the input layer,
and weights unbiased are reregistered.
On.
This process is called back propagation.
This is an iterative training process to get an optimal training score.
One is the training process is perfected.
You can feed in the test data and check how the
prediction works on unseen test data.
Let's start looking at convolution.
Neural networks.
CNN's can be compared to brain's visual cortex function.
CNN's are primarily used in image processing,
wise recognition,
a natural language processing in the case off a and then every neuron is
interconnected with every other neuron in the adjacent layer.
But in CNN, only a small portion of the input is connected to its app.
JSLint layer.
This is a feed forward network.
The convolution operation forms the basis off CNN.
There are multiple layers involved in the convolution
URL network on Let's get a quick,
high level overview off each such layer first one is convolution layer.
Convolution is a linear operation where you multiply the weights with inputs.
In a typical image, processing the input will be a two dimensional array.
The multiplication is performed between a two dimensional input RGBA
and relatively smaller two dimensional weights.
Are two, also called us, filter this element wise multiplication.
Between the filter on the input,
the cells in a single scaler value as a filter is multiplied multiple times.
You end up in a two dimensional array off output values
that represents filtering off the input.
This two dimensional output array is called a feature map.
Next one is Ray Lou Layer.
In some cases,
an additional layer called Raila Layer would be added to
introduce non linearity in the feature man.
A limitation with this feature map is that they're highly
dependent on the location off the features.
A small change in the image in the farm off image distortion
would result in a totally different feature map.
Down sampling is a common approach that is used to
address this in signal processing.
Where you lower the resolution of the input signal to reduce over fitting.
A more robust approach is to use a pulling layer this
operates on the feature map much like a filter,
and reduce the size of the future map even further to
common functions used in the pooling.
Our average pulling that calculates the average values
for each patch on the future man.
A maximum pulling that calculates a maximum values for each part in the future.
Man next one is fully connected layer.
The objective of the fully connected layer is to take the results off,
pulling layer on flatten, flattening the process off,
converting all the result in two dimensions.
Arrays from pull future map into a single, long, continuous linear vector.
The flattened output represents the probability that a
certain feature belongs to the label, usually in a deep neural network,
there will be multiple convolution, layer rail, you layer on pulling layers.